You are different,
different from everyone
Different from others,
different from me
You are different, so different
Different from anybody I've ever met
that I definitely fell in love
with you as we met
You are different, so different
Different from anybody I've ever met
Feli, look. Look who it is.
-Go. Come on. I'll finish Mrs. Elena.
-Thank you.
...that's why I definitely fell
in love with you as we met ...
You are different
-Hi.
-Hello.
Stop, you're crazy. You're going
to tear my stockings! Put me down!
If you give me a kiss.
-You look really gorgeous.
-Don't be silly.
Just my work clothes.
But you'll see the dress
my cousin has lent me for tonight.
She can't come to the fair.
She has a big cold, poor her.
I'm going to buy her some doughnuts.
I do need a light coat...
-Newspaper, sir?
-No, thank you.
It's a special edition, sir.
Okay. Now move.
-I have to go. I'm sorry.
-Again?
Fine, go. I'll find someone
to take me out to dance.
Wait for me. I'll be back, I promise.
I'll be late but I'll be there.
-Please.
-Go on, go.
Taxi!
I had to jump right into
the fucking water...
from a height that was three,
four, five floors.
I got to another place
that was a cave that led
to a tunnel, that lead
to another tunnel...
I arrived
to fucking a secret laboratory.
Right there! Underneath everything.
I find a cryogenically frozen guy.
Obviously, after everything,
there was an explosion...
and I had to run for my life.
Obviously I couldn't stay there.
Just imagine I do and more men
in black keep on coming and...
Thank you.
Thanks. I'm still shaking.
If you knew how scared I was.
-It was unbelievable, it was...
-Tremendous, tremendous.
I'm going back to bed,
I start working in two hours.
Good night.
Honey, I'm going back to bed too,
okay?
Dry your hair, go on,
you'll freeze to death.
You do, right?
-Riki, tell me you believe me.
-I do. I do.
Antonia, it's a really strange story.
Okay. Look! I have proof.
Where is it? Fuck! Here.
This was the man!
You can barely see him,
but... it was him.
Fuck, Riki!
This man! I have proof!
I have the photo
on my phone, this photo.
And a dent in the car,
when they followed me,
and this bump. This one.
It's from the explosion.
What else do you need, dude?
Alright, kiddo, all right, calm down.
-Don't call me kiddo.
-Okay.
And I am calm, very calm.
...since we received the news
about the Captain's kidnapping.
Catalina Bellido, the Captain,
is a candidate for the presidency
of our country.
What is the government
doing to solve this crisis?
Antonia!
Dad, I'm sorry, forgive me.
I was with Fanny,
my phone had no battery and...
That T-shirt isn't yours.
Did you spend the night with a boy?
With a girl, then.
-No, no, no, Dad. What...?
-Today it's normal...
No, no! I haven't slept with a girl!
Or with a boy!
What happened is that...
I crashed the car.
-You crashed it?
-It's all right, it's just a dent.
I'll take it to the repair shop.
Leave the car,
I'm worried about you!
Are you all right?
Why didn't you call me?
Because I knew you'd tell me off
and you'd panic!
Of course I got scared!
I spent the night thinking
what could have happened to you?
I'm not angry.
Don't scare me like this,
I'm too old for this.
I'm sorry.
Do you want some breakfast?
No. I'm going to sleep for a bit,
I'm knackered, okay?
Okay...
Excuse me, could you--
Dude, it's been canceled
because of the Captain.
-May I get past?
-Yes...
Could you tell me
where can I acquire a ticket?
-You don't have a card?
-No.
Like this.
Walk through.
Or we'll be here all day.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you very much.
May I sit please?
-Excuse me, what?
-May sit down, please?
-I can't hear anything.
-What are you saying?
May I sit down please?
Young man,
the lady needs to sit down.
What the heck are you saying?
Fuck off.
Didn't you hear me?
I told you to get up.
And turn off that transistor.
You're annoying everyone.
Sit still.
You, pick that rubbish up
from the floor.
And you, be kind enough
to give this lady your seat.
-Thank you, gentlemen.
-Bravo!
Excuse me!
What happened
to the ladies' hair salon?
-Ladies?
-It was run by two women.
Trust me,
no woman ever goes in there.
Just guys trimming their beards.
It's trendy.
Shaved heads
and beards down to their chest...
I see...
Excuse me, boy...
-Sir.
-What do we know about her?
Not much to be fair.
When she typed the code,
we got her IP address.
We are tracking her
but there is barely anything.
Her name is Antonia
and she's 23 years old.
Has she gone online?
Not since we followed her
to the valley.
-What went on there?
-We don't know.
-You don't know?
-No.
There was an explosion,
we don't know if it was accidental.
They went underground,
and we lost communication.
-Casualties?
-Four of our men.
Unacceptable.
Four dead men and the girl is free.
How is it possible?
-We don't know.
-You don't know.
I'll take charge from now.
We can't lose her again.
Sir, what is protocol five?
What are we looking for?
If we knew more...
To talk about this issue we have here
the Home Office Minister,
Gabriel Hernando
-Good morning.
And Pablo Rodero,
Left Wing Union leader
and candidate to Presidency
-Good morning...
-We also have Manuel Osorio...
-Did you go?
-Silvia, I can't right now...
Just hold on a sec, okay?
I called the dam of the Valley
asking about the explosion
and they told me
it was due to a gas leak.
This is really big, Verdú.
Really big.
-What?
-Have you gone crazy?
Another one! I'm not crazy!
It's all true.
There's a dude who should be dead,
but he is alive,
-Because he was...
-Antonia, enough!
-How can you do this to me?
-Excuse me?
This morning the big bosses asked me
if we were keeping you or Pablo.
And you said...
-It doesn't matter anymore.
-But look, think.
-Why would I invent this?
-What would I know!
Because you wanted
to bring in a big story and...
I have no idea, Antonia.
You know why.
Collect your things.
You don't need to come on Monday.
-What are you thinking?
-I don't know what to say...
Are you okay?
-Fuck.
-It's your boyfriend?
-Answer it.
-No, what for?
He doesn't believe me either.
Well, Antonia...
what you are saying...
It's really hard to believe.
Lots of unbelievable things
happen in the world. Lots.
I know, I know.
I listen to
"The Threshold of the Unknown".
Even they don't say the crazy things
you just told me.
-I've got to go, sweetie...
-You're right.
I have to go to there.
They'll listen to me.
But they believe in reptilians there,
Antonia.
And what do we know?
Maybe they do exist!
Well, yeah...
But probably they don't.
A new mystery...
She's just started. If I run,
I'll get her before she finishes.
-Are you coming?
-No... No.
-I'll see you later. Bye.
-Antonia, don't... Don't...
Wait! Wait! Thank you!
Up or down? Okay.
At the reception desk
they sent me to the guest room.
Follow me.
Great, I'm coming to
"The Threshold of the Unknown"
because I have a weird story
that happened...
Wait there.
They'll come shortly.
Nobody speaks clearly about
our Captain kidnapping but
I'm telling you what the government
doesn't want you to know!
Cut, cut.
-Aquilino, let's start again.
-No.
This text is crap.
No one could pull it off.
-I'm going to get a coffee.
-As you wish, Aquilino.
Excuse me?
It's you...
It's you.
Excuse me, you're Aquilino, right?
-Do I know you?
-No, no.
My father listens to your program.
And I have a story to tell you.
-It's a very strange thing.
-Yeah, I bet.
Call the production hotline
and they'll let you know what to do.
God, this man is so rude.
Listen! Someone's trying to kill me
to stop me opening my mouth.
I don't know if it's the government.
I'm investigating this man.
I found him in a sort of
secret laboratory under the Valley.
I know how it sounds,
but it's true.
There was an explosion,
they attacked us and...
Do you know what that insignia means?
No.
-And Riki don't believe me.
-Riki? Who's Riki?
It doesn't matter.
I told them at my newspaper
but they didn't believe me.
Well, I believe you.
What are we doing here?
Six years ago they said
they'd digitize the archive and look.
Look what it's like.
23-F, the Bélmez Faces...
-Here it is!
-Section Nine?
Section Nine was created
in 1939, when the war ended,
as Franco's secret police.
They did what the police and army
couldn't do with the world watching.
What about the guy in the photo?
Shut up for a second,
we're getting to that.
Okay. You don't have to be so rude.
-Franco. Do you know who he was?
-Yes.
Franco was obsessed
with the idea of immortality.
At the end of WWII, the Americans
began the Paper Clip operation.
They took German's best scientists
to USA.
To create weapons, ships...
well, anything.
Franco couldn't be left behind,
so he brought Professor Neffenberg
to Spain in 1945.
This guy looks crazy.
This crazy guy created the formula
to create a super-agent.
The secret agent among secret agents.
Capable of doing things
that no one else was able to do.
May I?
So the guy I found in the crypt
is a super-agent
created by a Nazi scientist
who worked
for a Francoist secret agency.
My boss is going to freak out.
He didn't believe me before,
he won't now.
I'm telling you the truth.
But there's no proof
of the super-soldier
or the Nazi guy, right?
They both disappeared 60 years ago.
But you saw one of them last night.
You are right, I have no proof,
but there's someone
who might be able to help you...
Babe! How much do I owe you?
We're leaving.
-Are we leaving? And your friend?
-He listened to my message.
We've been here for an hour.
If he is not already here,
he is not coming.
He is a bit peculiar.
-What do you mean peculiar?
-An alcoholic, a cocaine addict...
And he also hit the slot machines.
But he was in Section Nine.
-And where is he now?
-All I know is he usually comes here.
So, good luck, sweetie.
I've been calling you
and you didn't answer.
You'll never guess who showed up,
I gave him your address.
I don't know if I did right
-but he's so attractive.
-Fuck!
Calm down, calm down.
Don't shout, please.
I'm sorry to show up like this but...
I don't know anyone else in Madrid.
But...
Wait!
Come on.
-How many people live here?
-Just me, it's my room.
I tidy it up on Saturdays, okay?
I'm still tripping!
This is something.
It's all real, I didn't invent it.
-There was an explosion, right?
-Yes.
-And those men in black died!
And you were saved because
you're a... super-soldier.
-Is that what you call it?
-Well, a secret agent or something.
And you work for Section Nine!
Well, you used to. 60 years ago.
My mind is blowing.
And what's your name?
I don't even know your name.
-You may call me García.
-García. García? Okay.
Is that your alias or your...
secret identity?
Whatever... I'm Antonia.
Great, García. García...
And how did you end up
in that capsule?
Were you asleep or frozen or what?
Did someone put you in?
-I don't know. I don't remember.
-I was hoping you'd tell me.
I told you everything I know.
I was investigating on the envelope.
At the newspaper
they didn't believe me.
I see...
You have to come with me,
Verdú is going to freak out!
No, no newspapers.
-Your story is a knockout.
-I said no.
Don't talk to me like that.
On top of getting you out of that...
Darling?
Fuck! My father! Go hide!
To the wardrobe. Quick!
-Darling.
-Yes.
-Are you going to bed already?
-Yes, almost! Today I'm knackered.
-Your room is such a mess.
-I'll tide it up on Saturday.
-Go to bed. You look tired.
-Yes.
-Good night.
-Bye.
I don't want to cause any trouble.
I'll leave.
I must find Section Nine.
I'll go with you.
I know, no newspapers.
But you need me.
Do you have any money?
-No.
-Do you have a car?
-Well, that's that.
-Sleep here.
-Here?
Well not here in my bed but...
you could use the sofa.
On the floor?
You have options.
It doesn't matter.
I don't sleep much.
Well, in that crypt
you had a 60-year nap.
I don't think I'll sleep much either.
I've had two unbelievable days.
Yesterday, I was shot at,
I jumped off a bridge...
Today, I was told I was insane,
and I got fired...
And wait until my father finds out...
Listen...
Thank you for helping me.
One for screen two, please.
You said so yourself.
Who could be the one
to witness peace in Spain.
You will, you will.
No one can stop you.
We will throw Ben Yusuf's hosts
to the sea.
I haven't failed.
Spain has a king.
My king must not kneel before no one.
Tomorrow we will fight together
my king and I.
The two of us together.
How are you, Sanz? Tamargo.
-Password.
-Obsidian. Z-33.
Hello? He's just arrived.
-Agent García.
-Congratulations.
Mari Luz, Amalia, Concepción.
-Good evening, Margarita.
-Good evening, Mr. García.
They're still in a meeting,
but they'll call you in a moment.
Ok, thank you.
Mr. García! Mr. García!
Do you have a moment?
-Since when do you smoke, Chencho?
-I don't smoke.
One, two.
One, two. Do you hear me?
-Loud and clear.
-Perfect.
-A radio?
-A communicator.
Resistant to being hit,
heat, cold, and water.
Just like you.
Better than sending kids
with newspapers.
Good work.
Agents García and Ortiz,
report to the meeting room.
-Gentlemen...
-Excuse me. One second, please.
You may continue.
Agents García and Ortiz,
you have a mission.
Professor Neffenberg has disappeared.
After cooperating
with the Spanish government,
instead of turning himself in
and give access to Section Nine,
the Professor has taken his files,
reports, gadgets...
We sent six men
to stop him at his lab.
All six are dead.
-Chencho, for the love of God.
-Sorry.
Neffenberg didn't have time
to run away.
But he will.
We believe
he is still in Spanish territory.
Your mission is
to detain the professor
and hand him over
to the North American embassy.
Good luck.
-Gentlemen...
-Agent Garcìa, good luck.
-He's a little off today, isn't he?
-What would you know?
What's wrong?
Is it the mission? Neffenberg?
When the war ended
I wanted to keep serving my country.
Neffenberg gave me the tools
to do that,
but he didn't make me what I am.
I owe him nothing.
He betrayed us. We will capture him
and he'll pay for his crimes.
García and Ortiz, always vigilant.
Sure.
It's Friday. Where do you think
all those people are going?
Home, I guess.
To have dinner with their families,
or to the fair...
What about you?
What are you going to do?
I'll go to the firing range
for a while.
What's wrong, Mr. García?
Nothing.
They don't know it
but while García and Ortiz exist,
they can sleep peacefully!
Get up!
Coming.
Your dad already left,
I heard the door an hour ago.
An hour?
-How long have you been up?
-I don't sleep much, I told you.
-And we have work to do.
-Work?
A mission.
Breakfast.
Cardamom muffin
and a flat white, please.
Great.
-A coffee with milk.
-Soy, oat, rice?
-Just a coffee with milk.
-Cow's milk.
Thank you.
Well, where do we start out?
First, we find out
if anyone from Section Nine is left.
Their identities were secret.
But there are a few names I know.
Chencho Gutiérrez, Miguel Ridruejo
and, maybe, Pablo Aramendi.
We'll go to the Register.
If access is limited,
we'll investigate
in the National Archive.
-It'll be hours but...
-Quiet.
Sorry.
Thank you.
What's this?
To make it look pretty.
I've found 10 people named
Eugenio Gutiérrez in Madrid
but Chencho there's one.
We'll have to go by car,
but it's worth trying...
-But, how?
-The internet, my friend.
It's the world's biggest archive,
but it doesn't exist.
Well, it does,
but it's like it's in the air.
On the waves.
It doesn't matter. The thing is
you click on the search box, here,
you type what you want to find.
That's how I got my degree.
I'll pay,
we'll have our coffee and go.
-Who's Felicidad Martínez?
-None of your business.
Let's go.
Okay, I'm sorry,
don't be such an asshole.
Don't say a word, okay?
Look, I've been thinking
that if you tell your boss
what you told me
-he'll send you to an asylum.
-You think I'm crazy?
-No, no. I didn't say that.
-Well, you thought it, Riki.
Forgive me.
I might have been rude but...
Yes, and a fuckwit too.
If you're going to be like that,
let's hang up.
You know what? You're right.
We'll talk later, bye.
It's good to give him hell
occasionally.
-You talk to your husband like that?
-Husband?
-He wishes.
-Your boyfriend.
Well, something like that.
-How long have you been together?
-A year and a half, more or less.
Then he's your boyfriend.
We're together, but boyfriend...
you don't need to put a tag.
-Why not? Everything has a tag.
-Yeah, you for example, are a pain.
And my life is none of your business.
SCRAPYARD
What do we do? Do we call or...?
Fuck! Great security.
Look what a cute dog!
Holy fuck! Damn it all to hell!
-Do you have to talk like that?
-You saw how it scared me?
-You're a very good dog, aren't you?
-Hey, you've got a way with dogs.
I had one many years ago.
Her name was Brisca.
This one is named Brisca too.
He's her great-great-grandson
Chencho?
Am I dreaming, Mr. García?
You're not, indeed.
-What is it?
-I was hoping you could tell us.
The young lady
opened the capsule
by introducing it
in some kind of computer.
I'm afraid I can't tell you
anything about it.
Thank you.
I always knew
you'd come back, Mr. García.
Ortiz believed you were dead.
I knew you weren't.
Did he get away from Neffenberg?
The Nazi scientist?
But what does she know?
She knows more than she should,
but we can trust her.
Hey! You spent the night
in my bedroom.
-Please continue.
-Ortiz fled, yes.
He came back on foot
from the Pyrenees,
and slept rough
to avoid check points.
That guy is a hell of a kid.
Your disappearance
was a very tough blow.
There were no other agents like you.
They restructured everything.
I never saw Ortiz again.
Over the years,
Section Nine lost its power,
and that always means losing money.
Finally, I was fired.
They gave me some money.
Not much, but enough to set this up.
Although I can hardly do anything,
my sons take care of everything.
So...
is there no one or nothing left?
There's something left.
Wow! Amazing!
Chencho... They look like they did
on the first day.
They are impeccable.
I clean them every week.
-May I?
-I don't recommend it, miss.
They're hand grenades.
Don't worry. They're harmless
unless you remove the wrap.
Did you ever use them?
Let's just say I don't like weapons.
-What's this? A gun? A laser?
-A communicator.
All the Section Nine agents
carried one
so they could always be located.
-Like your portable phones.
-Mobiles.
A bit more rudimentary.
A cigarette worked as an antenna.
When you pulled it out,
it activated the signal.
Here? Fuck!
It still works?
I don't know.
I haven't used them for years.
-They are useless.
-May I?
Agent García speaking.
Password.
Not a home without a fire.
Not a Spaniard without bread.
Go ahead, García.
I request extraction.
It's an emergency.
What is your location?
No! Wait! How do we know it's them?
What if it's a trap?
Recovery point number 27.
In two hours.
Roger. Over and out.
We have to go.
-I told you I'm going with you.
-No.
I already put you in danger once.
It's not gonna happen again.
The car is mine.
I need to pull over.
-Why?
-None of your business.
-Does it have to be now?
-Yes.
But the lady on your phone
is saying that we should...
Enough! Enough!
I've got my period.
You need to know everything?
May I have my bag, please?
-Yes.
-Thank you.
Wait for me.
Move to the right lane.
Continue for two kilometers
on Oliver Quesada street.
No, no, no.
I can't believe this. Fuck my life!!
Shit! Shit! Shit!
Continue on Oliver Quesada street.
Excuse me. The WIFI password?
-One, two, three, four.
-Thank you.
Will you be having something
or what?
This is not an office, sweetie.
You wouldn't believe what happened.
I was in a car with...
with a friend. Ha dumped me.
He took my wallet, my phone--
Come on, get out of here.
Please, it'll only be a minute.
I promise.
Give her a coffee, Julián.
And put it on my tab.
Thank you.
We've all been dumped by some sucker,
sweetheart.
Come on! Come on!
Yes! I've got you!
Can anyone give me a lift to Madrid?
I'm a Spaniard, a Spaniard,
a Spaniard!
Thank you very much.
You're saving my life, really.
No need to thank me.
I'll drop you
at the first metro station,
and you manage from there.
Are you okay with that, honey?
Thanks, I've got no money,
but if I can do anything...
Fuck. Seriously?
I didn't say anything.
But if you're asking...
Fuck!
We have to leave. Now.
No, no. This can't be happening.
Start the car!
-What is he doing?
-Let's go!
-Get out of the way, clown.
Calm down!
Do you want me to run him over?
What? What the hell's wrong with you?
-Help. Please. Help.
-What's going on?
She's inside.
-Is it the sucker?
-Yes.
Get behind the bar, hurry.
Well, well, well.
I love seeing a hunky guy in black.
-Where is she?
-What will it be, stud?
We have omelets,
pork loin, chorizo...
-Where are you going?
Copy that.
Fuck!
Fuck me!
Spain needs a strong government
more than ever!
To free our Captain,
kidnapped by criminal groups!
Criminals that come here
from other countries to steal!
Criminals who want to break
the unity of Spain!
Get out of here, Fascists!
Criminals who kidnapped
our next president!
But true Spaniards
aren't going to allow this!
-Long live Spain!
-Long live!
-Excuse me.
-My Captain, my president.
Fuck!
García! García!
-Why are you here?
-Antonia!
These assholes say
it was us who kidnapped the Captain.
-People will end up believing it.
-It's him. The man from the crypt.
Him! It doesn't matter.
-García!
-Antonia!
-García.
-I told you not to come!
Hey, take it easy, Porter Wagoner.
Is this person Ricardo?
How does he know my name?
The men in black are back.
They arrived at the petrol station.
People died.
Take it easy.
Stay with me and you'll be safe.
Are you going to tell me
what is going on?
What?
Who is this guy?
Riki! Riki!
??? I said, who the fuck...!
We are out!
-Riki!
-Go, go!
-Riki! Riki!
-He's fine! He's fine!
In the car! Now!
Not a home without a fire.
-Come on!
-Quick!
García, fuck, quick!
-We left Riki behind!
-We can't take any risks.
Holy shit!
Speed up!
Fuck, fuck, they almost killed us!
Who was that guy?
No, who is this guy?
Everything's going to be fine.
Where are you taking us?
-With the good guys.
-What?
THE NINE
This way.
That way.
-This is the shit!
-Do you need to talk like that?
I'll talk however the fuck I want.
Sit here.
The boss will be with you shortly.
I'm freaking out.
Can you see what is going on here?
A secret hideout
under a hardware store!
It used to be underneath a cinema.
In the middle of Gran Vía.
Ortiz?
Dad?